com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentDetailsBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentDetailsBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/CaseReportItemBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.CaseReportItemBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentFavoriteBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentFavoriteBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentStateOfOrderBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentStateOfOrderBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentMenuBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentMenuBinding
com/muhammad/green/BuildConfig.java
 com.muhammad.green.BuildConfig
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/InKindDonItemBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.InKindDonItemBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/HomeCasesTypeItemBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.HomeCasesTypeItemBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentVolInKindDonationsBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentVolInKindDonationsBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentCallUsBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentCallUsBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentNewInfoDonationNeedBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentNewInfoDonationNeedBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/ActivityLandingBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.ActivityLandingBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/RegisVolunteerInfoFragmnetBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.RegisVolunteerInfoFragmnetBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentOnBoardingBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentOnBoardingBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/HomeDonationCasesItemBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.HomeDonationCasesItemBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentMyNeedsBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentMyNeedsBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentCaseReportsBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentCaseReportsBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentDonateDeviceBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentDonateDeviceBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentOrderPager2Binding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentOrderPager2Binding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentCaseDetailsBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentCaseDetailsBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentPageBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentPageBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/NotificationItemBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.NotificationItemBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentOrderPager3Binding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentOrderPager3Binding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/RegisVerificationCodeFragmentBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.RegisVerificationCodeFragmentBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/NeedInKindDonItemBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.NeedInKindDonItemBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentAdministrationWordBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentAdministrationWordBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/HomeAppBarBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.HomeAppBarBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentOrderPager1Binding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentOrderPager1Binding
com/muhammad/green/views/home/StepperIndicator.java
 com.muhammad.green.views.home.StepperIndicator
 com.muhammad.green.views.home.StepperIndicator$1
 com.muhammad.green.views.home.StepperIndicator$OnStepClickListener
 com.muhammad.green.views.home.StepperIndicator$SavedState
 com.muhammad.green.views.home.StepperIndicator$SavedState$1
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentEditeMyInfoBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentEditeMyInfoBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentAboutUsBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentAboutUsBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/AutoCompleteTextViewBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.AutoCompleteTextViewBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentNeedInKindDonationBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentNeedInKindDonationBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/RegisUserTypeFragmnetBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.RegisUserTypeFragmnetBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/RegisNeedDonationFragmnetBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.RegisNeedDonationFragmnetBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/HomeContentBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.HomeContentBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/RegisLoginFragmentBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.RegisLoginFragmentBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/DonationCasesItemBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.DonationCasesItemBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/MyNeedsItemBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.MyNeedsItemBinding
com/muhammad/green/databinding/FragmentNotificationBinding.java
 com.muhammad.green.databinding.FragmentNotificationBinding
